Using Word Files
----------------
Some pages are initially created using Microsoft Word as a .docx file or .odt file.
To update these pages:

   1. First download the associated .docx or .odt file from the top of the page
   2. Make the required modifications to the file
   3. Save the file with same name
   4. Save a copy of the file as a filtered web page(.htm).
   6. ====The Below requires GIT knowledge====
   7. Replace the .docx, .htm and the folder named ..._files with your new files
   8. Run the conversion script that will copy these to .rst files
   9. Commit the changes

Troubleshooting
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
 - Make sure you save the htm file with the correct name and do not rename the htm file (This brakes image links)
 - Ensure using utf8 encoding when saving the htm file (Error: UnicodeDecodeError: 'utf-8' codec can't decode byte 0xff in position 0: invalid start byte)
 - Ensure using filtered web page and not just web page when saving the htm file
 - Files will not automatically added to index contents so must be added manually

Known Issues
^^^^^^^^^^^^
 - Some formatting will be lost
 - Bold and Italic font formatting will be removed where subscripts and superscripts are needed
 - Equations made with old word versions will not show up.
 - Table formatting doesn't always work well.

PDF Autogeneration
------------------
Pdfs are autogenerated from this documentation. Please note this is a beta feature and requires refinement.
Currently using rst2pdf to perform conversion (https://github.com/rst2pdf/rst2pdf)
To run manually run :code: sphinx-build -b pdf . .

Troubleshooting
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
- Broken links in the rst files will cause the pdf creation to fail. Check the link that is defined in the error.

Known Issues
^^^^^^^^^^^^
 - Issue with image sizes and floating images.
